# TA_Repo
Tech Art Repo for documenation

TA_Repo
Tech Art Repository. Hold documentation and things about tech art.

Overview
Lab Status: ALPHA The homelab is still in experimental stage but still acts a showcase of projects. It also allows room to practice and learn different technologies that can be used in various orgs.

References:
## resources

## GPU optimization:
https://gist.github.com/silvesthu/505cf0cbf284bb4b971f6834b8fec93d


## entagma houdini:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtFXdJ8Gjwg


## rendering engine architecture:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwPogOhbNWw



## tech art deck
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jAn581t5TzI8vaWrkSqPsl16Qbf-1tIZV9HY4fLCQZ8/edit?usp=sharing

## disney slides
https://media.disneyanimation.com/uploads/production/publication_asset/48/asset/s2012_pbs_disney_brdf_notes_v3.pdf

https://cdn2.unrealengine.com/Resources/files/2013SiggraphPresentationsNotes-26915738.pdf


## building generator
https://80.lv/articles/medieval-buildings-generator-made-with-houdini-unreal-engine

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfizT369g60

https://www.artstation.com/artwork/VZ2Z5?collection_id=365608


https://www.artstation.com/artwork/x5xPO?collection_id=365608

## topology guide
https://topologyguides.com/

## ue mats guide
resources from Friday: https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/unreal-engine-materials?application_version=5.4&utm_source=editor&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=cb_docs


## nvidia blog
https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/high-fidelity-3d-mesh-generation-at-scale-with-meshtron/


## vex resources
https://www.tokeru.com/cgwiki/JoyOfVex.html

## art of code - raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGtv-dBi2wE

## more raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNZtUB7yhX4

## and more raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSAIR03FPfY

## intro to raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khblXafu7iA

## even more raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cp5WWtMoeKg

## SDF and raymarching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX3mazz8txo

## CG PBR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRE-F57fbXw

## raytracing
https://raytracing.github.io/books/RayTracingInOneWeekend.html

## face weighted normals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCTb8XkvarE

## face weighted normals 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYQTnhiQOW4

## face weighted normals 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9CQivLLpq8

## Rendering Engine Architecture Conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwPogOhbNWw

## Houdini Entagma // Houdini Day at FMX 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtFXdJ8Gjwg


## GPU optimization
https://gist.github.com/silvesthu/505cf0cbf284bb4b971f6834b8fec93d

## Two minute papers
https://www.youtube.com/@TwoMinutePapers/videos

## siggraph link
https://www.youtube.com/@ACMSIGGRAPH

## guassian split
https://github.com/aras-p/UnityGaussianSplatting

## baycentric coordinate system
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barycentric_coordinate_system

## sublime text
https://github.com/teared/VEX

## auto reimport UE4
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/reimporting-assets-automatically-in-unreal-engine?application_version=5.4

## advanced search
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/advanced-search-syntax-in-unreal-engine

## UE5 rendering pipeline
https://teres4enko.blogspot.com/2025/03/rendering-pipeline-ue5.html

## turing mesh shaders
https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/introduction-turing-mesh-shaders/

## virtualized geometry
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/nanite-virtualized-geometry-in-unreal-engine

## virtual textures
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/virtual-texturing-in-unreal-engine

## mega lights
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/megalights-in-unreal-engine

## ocean shader with gertsner waves
https://80.lv/articles/tutorial-ocean-shader-with-gerstner-waves

## optimisations working for wrong reasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf27qsQPRLQ

## chapter 1 water simulation from physical models
https://developer.nvidia.com/gpugems/gpugems/part-i-natural-effects/chapter-1-effective-water-simulation-physical-models

## CSVtoSVG toool
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/csvtosvg-tool?application_version=4.27

## technical guide to linear content creation: production course
https://dev.epicgames.com/community/learning/courses/eER/unreal-engine-technical-guide-to-linear-content-creation-production/k8pB/unreal-engine-performance-profiling-and-debugging


## renderdoc
https://renderdoc.org/

## ue4 graphics profiling
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLF8ktr3i-U4A7vuQ6TXPr3f-bhmy6xM3S

## sidefx tutorials
https://www.sidefx.com/learn-main-menu/tech-demos/project-skylark/

## photoreal character documentation
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/photorealistic-character?application_version=4.27

## why wrapping sound around a sphere changed real-time rendering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cddCr95fnvI

## indirect illumination with voxels
https://research.nvidia.com/labs/rtr/publication/crassin2011givoxels/

## mega lights in UE4
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/megalights-in-unreal-engine

## oculus story studio making of
https://forums.unrealengine.com/t/oculus-story-studio-discusses-the-making-of-henry-oct-29-live-at-epic-hq/45898

## GDC art of Abzu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9NX06mvp2E

## mesh decals
https://dev.epicgames.com/documentation/en-us/unreal-engine/using-mesh-decals?application_version=4.27

## getting the most out of noise
https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/tech-blog/getting-the-most-out-of-noise-in-ue4

## tech art aid optimization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0QASid1v8w

## render doc tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFexgk_2FTc

## sand rendering in journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt2yYnBRD3U

## joy of vex
https://www.tokeru.com/cgwiki/JoyOfVex.html

## understanding BCn
https://www.reedbeta.com/blog/understanding-bcn-texture-compression-formats/

## houdini geometry packing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Y38fwuO38


## gumroad xolotl
https://xolotlstudio.gumroad.com/

## subtance plugin houdini
https://www.sidefx.com/tutorials/sidefx-labs-substance-plugin/

## shader toy spheres
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3cGSzh
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/33d3zH

## photogrammetry in houdini to game res pipeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE7MRHEhPGc

## battlefront photo grammetry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_WaqCBp9zo

## cg futures / natural 3d environments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxNNGjBLJa8

## joy of Vex
https://www.tokeru.com/cgwiki/JoyOfVex.html

## GDC inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFkYjAKuUCE



License Copyright Â© 2023 - BionicNRG Distributed under MIT License. See license.md
